[Music]
all the content localized in Cutting
Room is visible in the content sidebar
on the left the files that were
localized most recently will be
displayed first if you cannot see a file
in the sidebar that someone else has
localized to your Cutting Room tenant
simply refresh the content by clicking
on recent content and the new file will
become visible to easily find the file
you want to use search for it by
title if there are multiple video files
with the same or similar name
you can hover over the clip to preview
the content before adding it to the
source
player to view the metadata of a clip
click on the metadata button in the
bottom left corner of the source player
to collapse this view simply click the
metadata button again
[Music]